Q1. How does the internet work?
ANS->The internet is a worldwide computer network that transmits a variety 
    of data and media across interconnected devices. It works by using a packet
    routing network that follows Internet Protocol (IP) and Transport Control 
    Protocol(TCP).
    TCP and IP work together to ensure that data transmission across the internet
    is consistent and reliable, no matter which device you’re using or where 
    you’re using it.
    When data is transferred over the internet, it’s delivered in messages and
    packets. Data sent over the internet is called a message, but before messages
    get sent, they’re broken up into tinier parts called packets.
    These messages and packets travel from one source to the next using Internet 
    Protocol (IP) and Transport Control Protocol (TCP). IP is a system of rules 
    that govern how information is sent from one computer to another computer 
    over an internet connection.
    Using a numerical address (IP Address) the IP system receives further 
    instructions on how the data should be transferred.
    The Transport Control Protocol (TCP) works with IP to ensure transfer 
    of data is dependable and reliable. This helps to make sure that no 
    packets are lost, packets are reassembled in proper sequence, and
    there’s no delay negatively affecting the data quality.

Q2. What is HTTP?
ANS->The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is the foundation of the World Wide Web,
    and is used to load web pages using hypertext links. HTTP is an application 
    layer protocol designed to transfer information between networked devices and
    runs on top of other layers of the network protocol stack. A typical flow over
    HTTP involves a client machine making a request to a server, which then sends
    a response message.

Q3. How does a web browser work?
ANS->A web browser takes you anywhere on the internet. It retrieves information
    from other parts of the web and displays it on your desktop or mobile device.
    The information is transferred using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol, which
    defines how text, images and video are transmitted on the web. This information
    needs to be shared and displayed in a consistent format so that people using
    any browser, anywhere in the world can see the information.
    When the web browser fetches data from an internet connected server, it uses
    a piece of software called a rendering engine to translate that data into text
    and images. This data is written in Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) and web
    browsers read this code to create what we see, hear and experience on the internet.
    Hyperlinks allow users to follow a path to other pages or sites on the web.
    Every webpage, image and video has its own unique Uniform Resource Locator (URL),
    which is also known as a web address. When a browser visits a server for data,
    the web address tells the browser where to look for each item that is described
    in the html, which then tells the browser where it goes on the web page.

Q4. What is a domain and how does it work?
ANS->Domain names are just like a contact in your phone. Rather than typing a complicated
    set of numbers (the IP address) into your browser, you type in a domain name. That
    domain name is human-friendly and much easier to remember than an IP address. All
    domain names are connected to a unique IP address.
    There are three different parts of a domain name that assign meaning to the domain.
        1.Domain name: Bluehost is the domain name in bluehost.com.
        2.Top-level domain: This is the suffix at the end of the URL. Examples include
          .com, .org, or .blog.
        3.Subdomain: This is a prefix that further classifies a domain, such as
          subdomain.bluehost.com.


Q5. What is hosting? 
ANS->Hosting, in its most generic sense, is a service through which storage and computing
    resources are providing to an individual or organization for the accommodation and
    maintenance of one or more websites and related services. While hosting doesn't need
    to be IP-based, the vast majority of instances are web-based services that allow a
    website or web service to be globally accessible from the Internet.


Q6.What is DNS and how it works?
ANS->The Domain Name System (DNS) is the phonebook of the Internet. Humans access
    information online through domain names, like nytimes.com or espn.com. Web
    browsers interact through Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. DNS translates
    domain names to IP addresses so browsers can load Internet resources.
    The process of DNS resolution involves converting a hostname (such as
    www.example.com) into a computer-friendly IP address (such as 192.168.1.1).
    An IP address is given to each device on the Internet, and that address is
    necessary to find the appropriate Internet device - like a street address
    is used to find a particular home. When a user wants to load a webpage, a
    translation must occur between what a user types into their web browser
    (example.com) and the machine-friendly address necessary to locate the 
    example.com webpage. 