 PROTOCOLS

    Network Protocols are a set of rules governing exchange of information in an easy, reliable
    and secure way.The most popular model used to establish open communication between two systems
    is the Open Systems Interface (OSI) model proposed by ISO.


OSI MODEL
        OSI IS Open Systems Interface 
    These are the seven layers of the OSI model.
        1.Physical layer −It is the first layer that physically connects the two systems that need
         to communicate. It transmits data in bits and manages simplex or duplex transmission by modem.
         It also manages Network Interface Card’s hardware interface to the network, like cabling,
         cable terminators, topography, voltage levels, etc.

        2.Data link layer − It is the firmware layer of Network Interface Card. It assembles datagrams
          into frames and adds start and stop flags to each frame. It also resolves problems caused by
          damaged, lost or duplicate frames.

        3.Network layer − It is concerned with routing, switching and controlling flow of information
          between the workstations. It also breaks down transport layer datagrams into smaller datagrams.

        4.Transport layer − Till the session layer, file is in its own form. Transport layer breaks it 
          down into data frames, provides error checking at network segment level and prevents a fast
          host from overrunning a slower one. Transport layer isolates the upper layers from network hardware.

        5.Session layer − This layer is responsible for establishing a session between two workstations
          that want to exchange data.

        6.Presentation layer − This layer is concerned with correct representation of data, i.e. syntax
          and semantics of information. It controls file level security and is also responsible for
          converting data to network standards.

        7.Application layer − It is the topmost layer of the network that is responsible for sending
          application requests by the user to the lower levels. Typical applications include file transfer,
          E-mail, remote logon, data entry, etc.


TCP/IP-TCP/IP stands for Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol.
        TCP/IP is a set of layered protocols used for communication over the Internet. The communication
        model of this suite is client-server model. A computer that sends a request is the client and a
        computer to which the request is sent is the server.

    TCP/IP has four layers −

        1.Application layer − Application layer protocols like HTTP and FTP are used.

        2.Transport layer − Data is transmitted in form of datagrams using the Transmission Control
          Protocol (TCP). TCP is responsible for breaking up data at the client side and then reassembling
          it on the server side.

        3.Network layer − Network layer connection is established using Internet Protocol (IP) at the
          network layer. Every machine connected to the Internet is assigned an address called IP address
          by the protocol to easily identify source and destination machines.

        4.Data link layer − Actual data transmission in bits occurs at the data link layer using the 
          destination address provided by network layer.

FTP->FTP stand for File Transfer Protocol
    Using FTP to transfer files is helpful in these ways −
    1.Easily transfers files between two different networks
    2.Can resume file transfer sessions even if connection is dropped, if protocol is configure appropriately
    3.Enables collaboration between geographically separated teams


PPP->Point to Point Protocol or PPP is a data link layer protocol that enables transmission of TCP/IP traffic
     over serial connection, like telephone line.

    PPP defines these three things −
    1.A framing method to clearly define end of one frame and start of another, incorporating errors detection
     as well.
    2.Link control protocol (LCP) for bringing communication lines up, authenticating and bringing them down
     when no longer needed.
    3.Network control protocol (NCP) for each network layer protocol supported by other networks.

